[ominous music]
Listen, everyone!
I, Susumu Yuito,
recommend Red to be God.
I saw him with my own two eyes,
risking his life
without hesitation
to save millions of people.
He has a clear sense of justice,
and he had the courage
to take on Metropoliman.
So I think he's definitely the
best candidate for the job!
Red is my hero.
I want him to become God.
I bet you're watching
this, aren't you, Red?
I've been hoping for a while
that he'd just come out
and say he wanted to become God,
but even if he
doesn't show himself,
the other God candidates
could still come forward.
We could get
together and discuss
who we think is the right
one for the position.
[Nasse giggles]
This is insane.
[Nasse] It's a child's solution,
but I don't think
it's a bad idea.
[Revel] It's usually a trap
when someone says
to come forward.
We should get as many people
as possible to go out there,
look for those God
candidates, and identify them.
We need to choose
that next God soon.
Otherwise, who knows
what could happen?
And we won't be able to
stop worrying about it.
[giggling] I love it.
I totally agree
with you, Susumu.
If he's as nice a
guy as they say,
then I think Red should
become the next God, too.
[Yazeli] So you're
supporting him as well?
[chuckles] He's a hero
of justice, right?
I'm sure he appreciates
beautiful women.
Tell me, Yazeli, do former
God candidates get any kind
of special consideration at all
after a new God has been chosen?
Depends entirely
on the next God.
It's possible he could make
it so that the God candidates
and the selection process
never even existed.
That's right, I forgot!
God can do anything
he wants, right?
This should be interesting.
So the hunt is on to track
down the God candidates.
[opening theme music]
[energizing music begins]
This is unexpected.
It sounds like this boy
wants you to become God.
If all the remaining God
candidates get together
and nominate Mirai,
is the process over?
While it's necessary to
have everyone's support,
it's essential for the
candidate to want to become God.
And of course, you can't
use a Red Arrow on them
to make them say they do.
But if you threaten to kill
them with a White Arrow
unless they accept the job and
they give in to your demands,
then that's fine.
--What? Really?
--Nasse...
[Nasse] What? Did I say
something out of line?
--Hold on.
--Huh?
Even though this boy seems
open about everything,
there's something
he hasn't mentioned.
The fact is, he
possesses a White Arrow.
[energizing music continues]
[Yumiki] Sakura TV has
agreed to assist us.
We're ready to go.
Let's move it.
--[phone buzzing]
--Oh, give me just a minute.
This is Iida.
I showed his face on TV,
so I really need to
apologize right away.
[Staff] Akai, the police are
on their way up to the roof.
Draw his attention
without tipping him off.
Listen, uh, Susumu?
[Susumu] Hmm? What is it?
I was just wondering, why
have you chosen to, uh...
--[energizing music ends]
--[explosion rumbling]
[sighs] I told you to look
for the other God candidates.
Instead, you make a stupid
attempt to capture me.
I gotta tell you, it's
very disappointing.
Hey, make this easy on everybody
and just do what I said, okay?
[Akai cries out]
[crew murmuring]
[Akai] I, I've never
seen anything like it!
He just vanished.
Oh, great. Now everyone knows
about the God candidates.
We're gonna be hunted.
This isn't good.
[unsettling music]
[Minamikawa exhales shakily]
Well, that doesn't
sound too good.
What's the matter?
[Minamikawa] Uh, nothing.
I don't know what this talk
is about God candidates.
It seems crazy.
According to Susumu, Tonma
Rodriguez made women love him
using a Red Arrow and was
killed by Metropoliman
using a White Arrow.
[Announcer] Oh, so
that's what happened.
[Sayuri] People are saying
you're a God candidate, too.
--What?
--I thought that you knew.
It's on #Godcandidate.
You mean that's an actual site?
"Joso first-year student
Mizukio Minamikawa,
who previously had
no luck with girls,
suddenly hooks up with
a cute girlfriend"?
"Definitely a God candidate
using a Red Arrow"?
Be careful you don't
get caught by the cops.
I hear they're
looking for you guys.
[Minamikawa sighs]
--[foreboding music]
--[Minamikawa gasps]
--Know what?
--Huh?
--Let's go.
--Hey, what's wrong?
[Minamikawa] Was
that guy watching me?
Is he a government
agent or something?
Is it because I was
friends with Kanade?
[sighs] I'm sure certain
countries would love
to get their hands
on these people.
Targeted assassinations
would be a breeze with them.
It's obvious to everyone
if God candidates do exist,
they could immediately
replace nuclear weapons
as the ultimate deterrent.
--[birds chirping]
--[cutlery clinking]
[Mirai] Boy, that was good.
Are you sure you've had enough?
[Mirai] Mm-hmm.
Thanks for cooking.
I'll wash the dishes.
Living quietly is great.
It's too bad it won't last.
Truthfully, Mirai, I wish we
could stay like this forever.
Revealing the God candidates
turned everything inside out.
It's thrown the
world into chaos.
Everybody's talking
about it online.
Police and agents
from other countries
are trying to track
all of us down.
You know what?
Let's run off together, Mirai.
Let's go live someplace where
nobody knows who we are.
I don't wanna fight anymore.
I wanna live a
simple life with you.
Just the two of us
together forever.
Nothing would make
me happier than that.
[gentle music]
I'm sorry. We can't run away.
Mr. Mukaido's been
on my mind a lot.
I've been thinking about
what he would've done
in this situation.
He wouldn't run, so
I won't run, either.
I'll stand up and live my life.
I'm not certain about it yet,
but I have a feeling
happiness lies down that path.
Since we've never
appeared out of costume,
no one will be able
to tell who we are
from the images that
are circulating.
We can attend classes
just like we always did.
No one will ever
suspect a thing.
Sounds good, Mirai.
I'll do whatever you say.
The whereabouts of the
God candidate named Susumu
are still unknown at this time.
[Saki exhales shakily]
[Student] Girls are finally
paying attention to me.
[Student] You're using
Red Arrows, aren't you?
[Student] It's crazy.
You get a little popular,
and suddenly you're
a God candidate.
[car whooshing]
[Mirai] It's gonna be all right.
Everything's back to normal.
Back to normal.
Mirai Kakehashi, right?
I've been looking for you.
Get into the car now.
[suspenseful music]
[Mirai] The police?
The higher-ups have decided
to capture the God candidates,
but I refuse to do it.
Why, exactly?
You haven't done anything wrong.
Are you pointing an Arrow at me?
Tell me, is it Red or White?
Do I fall in love,
or does it kill me?
If you remove the Arrow,
do the feelings of
love then vanish?
[tense music]
I must tell you,
we're also making contact
with Saki Hanakago.
Saki!
She just suddenly came up to me.
Talk to me, Yumiki.
Have you been shot?
At this moment, who
do you love the most?
I'm sorry.
I can't lie, the one I love
the most is Saki Hanakago.
Impressive.
Yumiki's my loyal subordinate,
but we also promised to
spend our lives together.
Outside of work, we have respect
and trust for one another.
She'll be back to
normal after 33 days.
It's no problem.
This just confirms
Susumu wasn't lying.
[Mirai] You mean
you actually believe
everything Susumu said?
Yes, of course.
Much of the world may
not believe him yet,
but we've been conducting
an investigation
and gathering evidence.
Be careful. You're
being targeted.
Other nations have
already begun to act,
and so has this one.
Wait, who in the world are you?
I'm Masaya Hoshi, and
I want to help you.
[Mirai] In what way?
People haven't identified
you as God candidates yet,
but it's only a matter
of time before they do.
I'm able to protect you.
I understand why
you're being cautious.
But think about it.
You both can use your
Wings to flee at any point.
The police have been
ordered by the government
to capture God
candidates wherever
we're able to find them.
Yumiki was the one
who figured out
that the two of you were
actually Red and Yellow.
But other than the two of us,
nobody else on the
investigation knows.
You've gotten this far.
What do you plan to do with us?
--I need your powers.
--Our powers?
I've been given orders
to track down the
remaining God candidates.
It's obvious to me I'm
going to need your help
to accomplish that.
Why should we help you?
I mean, think about it.
We have no way of knowing
if you really intend
to protect these people.
I'll say it again.
Investigators and spies
from every country
in the world are coming for you.
Especially you.
And do you want to know why?
Because so far,
Red is the only one
confirmed to have a White Arrow,
and with that kind of power,
all manner of scenarios
become possible.
You're a lethal weapon.
The world's greatest assassin.
[grim music]
You're a much more attractive
option than nuclear weapons,
and that's why everyone
wants to find you.
[Mirai breathing shakily]
The power to kill people
with a flick of your wrist
could cause a global crisis.
I want to prevent that.
If you're captured, it's over.
Some countries would think
nothing of brainwashing you
and then turning you into
a robotic killing machine.
And this country would,
too, believe it or not.
--[Mirai panting]
--[chilling music]
[Mirai] A lethal weapon.
[Mirai breathing heavily]
I will never become
a weapon. Not ever.
We have cameras installed
all around here.
Our security's airtight.
I want you both to hole
up here for a while.
[phone buzzing]
Hello?
No, sir.
I still haven't found them.
Understood.
We have to report in, Yumiki.
No, you go ahead.
I want to stay here with Saki.
Ms. Yumiki, please go with him.
[Yumiki] Okay, Ms. Saki.
If you say to go, I will.
I presume this is the
Red Arrow's effect?
[Yumiki] Destroy the
phones you've been using
up until now and
use these instead.
They'll keep your call history
and location info secure.
Is this necessary?
Yumiki is in a state of rapture.
She'll feel better
if you stay here.
We won't be back until tonight.
It's safer if you
avoid going out
until we're around to
offer some protection.
[cat meows]
What do you think?
Are they for real?
It's hard to tell.
But if they wanted
to capture us,
why would they leave us here?
I mean, we could walk
right out the door.
--True.
--[cat meowing]
It's kind of interesting.
When Yumiki was hit
with your Red Arrow,
Hoshi didn't seem
to be that upset.
It's almost like he
wanted her to be shot.
Then we'd see his
reaction and trust him.
[cat purring]
[Saki] I'll admit, when
they first showed up
and forced us to come
here, I was scared of them.
But I can sense the happy life
that they've built
together in this apartment.
I have to tell you, Mirai,
I don't think they're
trying to trick us.
What do you think, Nasse?
Well, I can tell you
that guy wasn't lying.
And besides, he might
be able to provide us
with a lot of information.
[Mirai] I guess so.
I thought you told
me you were going
to be able to identify
Red and Yellow
by analyzing the
footage we recovered.
Yumiki can explain
what happened.
The problem's the video.
It's coded to interfere
with current facial
detection systems.
We can't identify
the people on it.
We're being forced to
analyze the images manually.
I see. Well, keep at it.
[Hoshi] Even so, I wouldn't
be too worried, sir.
Huh?
None of these people are
targeting government officials.
That was a very
plausible-sounding
excuse you came up with.
I cannot allow Ms. Saki to
be placed in harm's way.
[Hoshi] I've never
seen a look like this
in Yumiki's eyes before.
This is the power of
the God candidates.
No wonder they're such targets.
An ability like this
shouldn't exist unchecked.
Nobody should be
allowed to acquire it.
[phone buzzing]
Hoshi here.
[Hoshi gasps]
We've talked and
decided to help you.
We'll tell you everything,
everything that we know.
--Are you sure?
--Yes.
[Hoshi] I appreciate it.
I was told that a God
candidate was just captured.
[Mirai and Saki gasp]
I want to find the rest
as quickly as possible.
Give us as much
detail as you can.
--So that's everything.
--Mmm.
The more we hear about
the candidates' abilities,
the more complicated they sound.
I'll get us something to drink.
[Hoshi] Apparently, only
people who wanted to die
were chosen to be
God candidates.
This boy has acquired Wings
that practically
allow him to teleport
and a White Arrow
that can kill an unlimited
number of people.
It's terrifying.
Mirai could become even more
of a danger than I thought.
However, he's never shot
anyone with his White Arrow.
No matter how
desperate the situation
in which he finds himself,
he still values human life.
I can't let him become a weapon.
He has his whole
life ahead of him.
So according to
what you told us,
since Yumiki has now been
shot with a Red Arrow,
she could actually be given
Wings and Arrows herself?
That's true, but I'm
not really comfortable
giving her an Arrow.
How do you feel about Wings?
If she can only be given
them in the 33 days
she's under the effects
of the Red Arrow,
we should use that
time effectively.
And importantly, it would allow
her to interact with angels.
I would like to see them.
[Revel] She can't go
against Saki's wishes,
but it'd make the search easier.
[Nasse] That's true.
[Saki exhales]
[Saki] All right.
--[Yumiki gasps]
--[celestial music]
[Yumiki] I can see them!
Two creatures with Wings!
Can't you just call us angels?
Hi, I'm Nasse,
and this is Revel.
Their names are Nasse and Revel.
[Yumiki gasping]
That's amazing. It's too bad.
I wish I could see them, too.
But we can't waste the Arrows
in the event that
we need them later.
Can I ask the angels a question?
Sure, go ahead.
They say you can
ask your question.
Exactly who or what are you?
Sorry, but we can't
reveal that yet.
For now, angels are angels.
They say angels are angels.
I see. Sorry about that.
I didn't mean to ask
a stupid question.
Take a look at what our
investigation has turned up.
You're very thorough.
You have quite a
dossier on Metropoliman.
I have to correct you here.
Mimi Yamada was never
a God candidate.
She was given a Red
Arrow by Metropoliman.
[Hoshi] Ah, I see.
[Mirai] Is this the person you
said was captured recently?
[Hoshi] That's right.
She was the first
candidate to surface
after Susumu Yuito's
statement was broadcast.
Her name is Yuri Temari.
She's an unemployed
23-year-old woman.
There are two more
God candidates
who haven't been located yet.
Wonder who they are.
[Hoshi] We'll begin searching
for them tomorrow morning.
The world's experiencing
unprecedented chaos right now:
wars, famine, abnormal
weather on a global scale.
We've reached the point where
the ingenuity of humanity
simply isn't enough
to fix everything.
When I become God, I promise
that every single person
on this planet will
find happiness!
--Huh?
--[dramatic music]
[Mitsuno gasps]
[car screeching]
Wasn't someone there just now?
How'd he disappear?
[Mirai] Hmm. Doesn't look like
he's a God candidate to me.
[Susumu] What do you know
about this person, Mr. Hoshi?
Mizukiyo Minamikawa.
There was a tweet tagged
with #Godcandidate
that said he suddenly
acquired a cute girlfriend.
That's not unusual,
but it is interesting
that he was Kanade
Uryu's classmate.
Right.
[Mirai] Look at this.
The Nakaumi brothers are
middle school students.
In the past three months, their
parents, their grandfather,
and three of their friends
died, one after another.
[Hoshi] Mmm. Too many people
around them are dying.
--Listen, Ms. Yumiki.
--Yes?
[Saki] I'm thinking you might
need a Red Arrow after all.
[birds chirping]
You sure you don't
want me to come in?
[Sayuri] No, I don't
wanna have to go
through a whole
number with my mother.
Happy to introduce myself.
That would be so embarrassing.
[Minamikawa] Embarrassing?
Oh, no, I didn't
mean it like that!
I'm not embarrassed of you!
I just don't know
how she'd react
if she found out I
was dating someone.
Later, boyfriend.
Boyfriend? All right!
Yes, yes, yes, yes!
Oh?
[sinister music]
[Minamikawa gasps]
[closing theme music]